Do you know what you are doing?
I know what I'm doing.
He embezzled, took bribes, and raped people.
If you don't know these things, that's okay.
If you know
He will spend the rest of his life in prison.
You, you, you, you.
Oh, stinks, money is wonderful.
It's all dirty money.
I want.
Lao Tzu worked hard to earn money.
All for dirty bosses to buy houses.
Buy a car to play with girls
Lao Tzu was angry but did not hit one place.
Workers owe wages
You still lend money like that
Is it human?
Don't hit me, don't hit me, haha.
Can't fight him.
You can't piss him off.
you are crazy
You are wrong, normal people can't anger him.
But do you know what they fear?
They fear me.
No money no house no death